[@azure/eventgrid] Update System events for EG Version 5.6.0 (#30811)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/eventgrid/eventgrid/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 5.6.0 (2024-08-21)

### Other Changes

> - A new field `accessTier` is added to the `StorageBlobCreatedEventData` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A new property `accessTier` is added to the `StorageBlobCreatedEventData` interface.
```

> - Two new fields `accessTier` & `previousTier` are added to the StorageBlobTierChangedEventData object.

Reviewer: nitpick: for consistency
```suggestion
- Two new properties `accessTier` & `previousTier` are added to the `StorageBlobTierChangedEventData` interface.
```
